1. Interactive Texture Segmentation using Random Forests and Total Variation:

The paper describes a method to segment image with combination of Random forests and VIP. They compute soft segmentation mask using random forest for given image. 
RF training: features set: intensity, basic HOG, image patches etc.
			 Online learning
			 Gini impurity function for splitting

Segmentation model: 
			data term - not L-1, instead used product term to parallelize computation
			normalized primal dual gap as stopping criteria
			use of scribbles to label fg/bg or use of bounding boxes
Results:
		compared with TVSeg and GrabCut
Database : reference no. [17]

2. A Deep Variational Model for Image Segmentation
This paper combines CNN and VIP for image segmentation. The CNN is appended by a single neuron variational layer. The objective function for back-propogation gets changed. The whole network is trained to store optimal weights and lamda(regularization parameter for VIP). 

Classical approach: Train CNN (local classifier) then train Conditional random fields with output of CNN.
Only CNN - suffer from clutter (multiple objects) and misalignment to object boundaries. while VIP gives edge-aligned solutions ?

Training: 
		Use of raw images(no features). 
		Train CNN to get unary and pairwise potenitials of Inference layer. 
		Each layer produces a output map of full image size.
		Use of convex and twice differentiable energy term to include it in back propogation.

Dataset: Weizmann horses [4], Grazo3 dataset [27]


3. A Convex Relaxation Approach for Computing Minimal Partitions
This paper describes a method to optimize multi-class segemntation using Potts model in discrete setting. 
DIfferent options for convex relaxation and dual represenatation of smoothness term.
Optimization done using Primal-dual and paralle implementation.

Representation of multiclass labels using vector binary functions. 
Check [22]


4. Convolutional networks can learn to generate affinity graphs for image segmentation
3-D segmentation using graphCut methods. The affinity between pixels is generated using 3-D CNN. Uses Volumetric electron microscope data of neurons.
CNN - 3 layers only using fully segmented images